I've become an expert at using leftover
cooked cranberries because it seems
after Thanksgiving and after Christmas I
always have cranberries left over
probably because I make them and I
forget to put them on the table at
mealtime so today I'm going to show you
an easy and really pretty and flavorful
appetizer that's wonderful for the New
Year's weekend I've started with some
puff pastry puff pastry is dough that
you buy in the freezer case at the
grocery store you usually get two pieces
like this and you just unfold it and
when you unfold it you get a rectangle
shape like this I roll it a little bit
on a floured surface just to get the
dough a little bit thinner but when it
bakes it bakes up into just layers of
flaky tenderness that are so delicious
so I've cut well I've started to cut my
rectangle into 24 squares and I'm going
to put these squares into miniature
muffin tins and just take the square
push it into a little mini muffin tin
and with one rectangle of dough you'll
get 24 appetizers now these are my
cranberries I'm going to put a little
bit of my cranberry mixture into the
bottom of each little cup and I like to
be generous because I really want these
I want that tart cranberry flavor and by
the way these cranberries I cooked with
a little brandy in the water rather than
just all water gives them a nice little
flavor then on top of the cranberries
I'm going to put some of brie cheese
brie cheese is nice and soft with kind
of an earthy flavor and I've cut the
white film off of the cheese that's
actually the mold on the brie cheese and
I want the cheese to just ooze and as it
bakes in the oven so once I have the of
the brie cheese on each of these I'll
pop them into a 400 degree oven just for
about 15 or 20 minutes after 15 minutes
in a 400-degree oven look at these
little beauties that puff pastry gets
flaky it puffs up the brie cheese is all
melted
gooey and gooey and they're a wonderful
little beautiful treat for New Year's
weekend I'm see jodan and I'm all about